docs: added API7 joins the NextArch Foundation news (#380)
api7/website: _posts/blog/en-US/API7-joins-the-NextArch-Foundation.md

---

> title: "API7 as one of the first co-founders joins the NextArch Foundation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "API7 joins the NextArch Foundation as one of the first co-founders"
```

date: 2021-11-04

> keywords: API7,NextArch Foundation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords: API7,NextArch Foundation,Linux Foundation
```

> description: On November 3, 2021(GMT+8), the Linux Foundation announced the NextArch Foundation. API7 as one of the first co-founders joins the NextArch Foundation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Linux Foundation announced the NextArch Foundation on November 3rd, 2021. API7 joins the NextArch Foundation as one of the first co-founders.
```

---
 

> On November 3, 2021(GMT+8), the Linux Foundation announced the [NextArch Foundation](http://nextarch.io). API7 as one of the first co-founders joins the NextArch Foundation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linux Foundation announced the [NextArch Foundation](http://nextarch.io) on November 3rd, 2021. API7 joins the NextArch Foundation as one of the first co-founders.
```

![API7 joins the NextArch Foundation](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1635995464300-76eaf84a-9a07-4fff-b455-f7dca8575a05.jpeg)

> API7 CEO Ming Wen said, when we communicate with enterprises, we found that they often have a concern after deploying critical services, they can not foresee the technology trend in 3~5 years or even longer, therefore, there is an urgent need for enterprises to have a forward-looking organization or foundation to plan the technology development route, and the NextArch Foundation was born.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API7 CEO Ming Wen said, when we communicate with enterprises, we find that they often have concerns after deploying critical services because they can not foresee the technology trend in 3~5 years or even longer. Therefore, there is an urgent need for enterprises to have a forward-looking organization or foundation to plan the technology development route, and the NextArch Foundation was born.
```

## NextArch Foundation

> Cloud-native computing, Artificial Intelligence (AI), the Internet of Things (IoT), Edge computing and much more have led businesses down a path of massive opportunity and transformation. [According to market research](https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/digital-transformation-market), the global digital transformation market size was valued at USD 336.14 billion in 2020 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 23.6 percent from 2021 to 2028. But a lack of intelligent, centralized architecture is preventing enterprises and the developers who are creating innovation based on these technologies to fully realize their potential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud-native computing, Artificial Intelligence (AI), the Internet of Things (IoT), Edge computing and much more have led businesses down a path of massive opportunity and transformation. According to [Grand View Research's Digital Transformation Market research](https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/digital-transformation-market), the global digital transformation market size was valued at USD 336.14 billion in 2020 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 23.6% from 2021 to 2028. But a lack of intelligent, centralized architecture is preventing enterprises and the developers who are creating innovation based on these technologies to fully realize their potential.
```

Next-generation architecture describes a variety of innovations in architecture, from data storage and heterogeneous hardware to engineering productivity, telecommunications and much more. Until now, there has been no ecosystem to address this massive challenge. NextArch will leverage infrastructure abstraction solutions through architecture and design and automate development, operations and project processes to increase the autonomy of development teams. Enterprises will gain easy to use and cost-effective tools to solve the problems of productization and commercialization in their digital transformation journey.

## API7

API7 is an open source infrastructure software company providing API processing and analytics with products and solutions for microservices and real-time traffic processing such as API gateway, Kubernetes Ingress Controller, and Service Mesh. We are committed to managing and visualizing business-critical traffic such as APIs and microservices for global enterprises, accelerating business decisions and driving digital transformation through big data and artificial intelligence (AI).

> ### Some Global Innovators Trust API7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### API7's Trusted Users
```
